the basic list {
1. The Art of Invisibility by Kevin Mitnick have
2. Hacking, The Art of Exploitation by Jon Erickson
3. Cult of The Dead Cow by Joseph Menn
4. Ghost in the wires by Kevin Mitnick
5. The Code Book by Simon Singh
6. Metasploit: The Penetration Tester’s Guide
7. Practical Malware Analysis By: Michael Sikorski and Andrew Honig
8. Threat Modeling: Designing for Security By: Adam Shostack
9. Hacking Exposed 7: Network Security Secrets and Solutions
10. The Cyber Effect By: Mary Aiken
The CERT Guide to Insider Threat
}

top theoratical {
1.The pentester blueprint: Starting a Career as an Ethical Hacker
2.Social engineering: The Science of Human Hacking
3.Basic security testing with Kali Linux 1 / 2
4.Metaspoilt penetration testing cookbook
5.The hacker playbook: Practical Guide To Penetration Testing 1 / 2 / 3
}

Practice books {
1. Red Team Field Manual (RTFM)
2. Blue Team Handbook
3. Malware Analysts Cookbook
4. Gray Hat Python
5. Inside Cyber Warfare: Mapping the Cyber Underworld
}

Blue team books {
1. The Threat Intelligence Handbook 
2. The Risk Business
3. Intelligence-Driven Incident Response
4. Blue Team Handbook: Incident Response Edition | SOC, SIEM, and Threat Hunting
5. Threat Modelling: Designing for security
Blue Team Field Manual
}

Ethical Hacking {
1. Computer Hacking Beginners Guide
2. Gray Hat Hacking: The Ethical Hacker’s Handbook
3. The Web Application Hacker’s Handbook
4. Hacking For Dummies (For Dummies (Computer/Tech)) Kevin Beaver
5. Networking All-in-One For Dummies (For Dummies (Computer/Tech)) Doug Lowe 
}

cybersecurity {
1. Cybersecurity For Dummies (For Dummies (Computer/Tech)) Joseph Steinberg
2. Cybersecurity – Attack and Defense Strategies
3. Because You Can: Your Cybersecurity Career: A simple and practical handbook with actionable insights for success

}
Penetration testing {
1. The Basics of Hacking and Penetration Testing
2. Penetration Testing – A Hands-On Introduction to Hacking
3. Hacking: Computer Hacking, Security Testing, Penetration Testing, and Basic Security
4. Ethical Hacking: A Hands-on Introduction to Breaking In
5. Hackers & Painters: Big Ideas From The Computer Age
6. Advanced Penetration Testing: Hacking the World?s Most Secure Networks
7. The Hardware Hacker: Adventures in Making and Breaking Hardware
8. BackTrack 5 Wireless Penetration Testing Beginner’s Guide
9. Hacking: The Underground Guide to Computer Hacking
10. Penetration Testing Essentials
}


how to hack for black hat hacking{
1. How to Hack Like a GOD by Sparc FLOW 
2. How to Hack Like a Pornstar by Sparc FLOW 
3. How to Hack Like a legend by Sparc FLOW 
4. How to Hack Like a ghost by Sparc FLOW 
5. Certified Blackhat: Methodology to Unethical Hacking
6. Hacking the Hacker: Learn From the Experts Who Take Down Hackers
7. Hash Crack: Password Cracking Manual
8. Mastering Hacking (The Art of Information Gathering & Scanning)
}

linux {
1. Network + Guide to networks 7th ed
2. Security + Guide to Network Security
3. Linux Bible: 
4. Linux Basics for Hackers: Getting Started with Networking, Scripting, and Security in Kali
5. Kali Linux revealed
}

red team {
// https://redteams.net/bookshelf/
1. Unauthorised Access: Physical Penetration Testing For IT Security Teams by Wil Allsopp.
2.Practical Lock Picking: A Physical Penetration Tester's Training Guide by Deviant Ollam
3. The Art of Deception: Controlling the Human Element of Security by Kevin Mitnick
4. Nmap Network Scanning: The Official Nmap Project Guide to Network Discovery and Security Scanning by Fyodor
5. The Shellcoder's Handbook: Discovering and Exploiting Security Holes by several authors
6. Snort IDS and IPS Toolkit (Jay Beale's Open Source Security) by several authors
7. Schneier on Security by Bruce Schneier
8. The Red Team Handbook (PDF)
9. The Practice Of Network Security Monitoring, Richard Bejtlich
10. Violent Python: A Cookbook for Hackers, Forensic Analysts, Penetration Testers and Security Engineers, TJ O'Connor
11. Open Source Intelligence Techniques - 3rd edition (2014) by Michael Bazzell.
12. Joint Doctrine Note 1-16, “Command Red Team.” by the U.S. Department of Defense.
}











